hey it's Jonathan here what's proper in
the UC pack you see stands for
user-configurable
because basically what you get with this
pack is a chance to build your own kit
to suit your own needs the pack take six
design cues from the Marine Corps
assault pack proper mix for the DoD
built into the bag are a few additional
compartments one on the top you generate
for smaller items and the bottom bag is
a divided compartment with drainage
ports and cinch straps there's a great
place or wet or dirty items you want to
keep separate from the rest of your
equipment inside are two zippered
pockets that run the full height on the
front and the back of the bag with in
the front is a removable padded insert
and the back has a frame sheet that
gives the bag structure flip the bag
around you can you'll see the back side
has padded shoulder straps with
adjustable sternum and weight straps you
also see that the top is a nice carry
handle with pastors you can pass
something like a hydration hose through
now let's take a look at a few
configurations with some optional
accessories they can add to the
versatility of the pack
this first assortment is a great
everyday back I've started with a large
reversible pouch on the exterior they
can attach with Molly or flip it inside
out and use hook and loop on the inside
we've got a stretch dump pocket on the
side which is great for a bottle and on
the opposite side I've added a two
pocket media pouch where I keep my
camera and SD card separate on the
inside of this configuration I've added
two extra pieces I've got an organizer
panel here on the front it's great for
organizing your cables and pins and I've
add a sleek window pouch that's great
for some of those smaller items the
second configuration is a great setup if
you want to use the UC for all your
range equipment the outside is a stretch
dump pocket and an adjustable tool pouch
for some quick storage on the inside
I've got some pouches for my weapons as
well as a mesh pouch here it's great for
some cleaning supplies there's also a
ton more room on the inside for a jacket
or some more gear this last
configuration I want to show you is a
med kit
this takes the bag back to its roots as
a pack designed for the military kept
the outside very clean and simple on
this one and with no external pouches
the bag is
streamline on the inside it's all about
the organization multiple window pouches
a reversible pouch mesh pouch an
organizer panel it can all be pulled up
very easily to give you organization
whatever you need it
poppers you see pack is an excellent
platform that can be customized for many
uses check out all the available options
and build your own